{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1031{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\li142\ri284\sa200\sl240\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\b\f0\fs24 Description\b0\fs18\par
\pard\li142\ri284\sb150\sa200\sl240\slmult1 Shows data binding with class \i AdjacentNodesGraphBuilder\i0 .\par
NodesSource defines the basic nodes of the graph. Other nodes can be added by the predecessors (successors) binding of already existing node. A node that is only defined as predecessor (successor) of another node and not by NodesSource itself is removed from the graph if it is removed from the predecessors (successors). This may result in the removal of a whole graph component if a certain predecessor (successor) connection is removed.\par
\fs24 Things to Try\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-142\li284\ri284\sb150\sl240\slmult1\tx0\fs18 Click a node in the graph to make it the current item. Inspect its predecessors and successors.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-142\li284\ri284\sb150\sl240\slmult1\tx0\tx0 Click the + button of the 'Nodes Source', 'Predecessors' and 'Successors' lists to add a new data item which creates a corresponding node.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-142\li284\ri284\sb150\sl240\slmult1\tx0\tx0\tx0 Select data in 'Nodes Source' and click the - button to remove it from the list. Note that the corresponding node might not be removed if the data is still a predecessor (successor) of another item.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-142\li284\ri284\sb150\sl240\slmult1\tx0\tx0\tx0\tx0 Select data in 'Predecessors' (Successors) and click the - button to remove it from the list.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-142\li284\ri284\sb150\sl240\slmult1\tx0\tx0\tx0\tx0\tx0 Drag data from the graph to one of the lists.\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-142\li284\ri284\sb150\sl240\slmult1\tx0\tx0\tx0\tx0\tx0 Drag data from the graph into the trashcan to remove it.\par
\pard\cf0\lang1031\f1\fs20\par
}
 