{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1031{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\li142\ri284\sa200\sl240\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\b\f0\fs24 Description\b0\fs18\par
\pard\li142\ri284\sb150\sl240\slmult1\f1 This demo shows how to load data from a Neo4j database and display it with yFiles.net. First, connect to a Neo4j database by entering a URL, a username, and a password into the corresponding form fields, then click the Connect button. After establishing a connection, a small set of data from the database will be displayed.\par
\pard\li142\ri284\sb300\sa150\sl240\slmult1\fs24 Things To Try\par
\pard\li142\ri284\sl240\slmult1\b\fs18 Explore the data\b0\line\pard\li142\ri284\sb150\sa150\sl240\slmult1 Each node will visualize its properties with a custom NodeStyle, relationships are between nodes are indicated by the edges.\par
\pard\li142\ri284\sl240\slmult1\b Show Neighboring Nodes\b0\line To reduce traffic, only a subset of the complete data is loaded at the beginning. Right-Click a node and select "show neighbors" to reveal additional nodes that are direct neighbors.\par
\pard\li142\ri284\sl240\slmult1\b Show Shortest Path\b0\line\pard\li142\ri284\sb150\sa150\sl240\slmult1 Right-Click a node and select "Shortest Paths".\par
\pard\li142\ri284\sl240\slmult1\b Run a query\b0\line Enter a custom Cypher query in the toolbar, then click the "Run Query" button. The "Replace Current Graph" toggle determines whether the query result will replace the current graph or be added to it.\par
\pard\li142\ri284\sl240\slmult1\cf0\lang1031\f0\par
\par
\pard\li142\ri284\sb150\sl240\slmult1\f1 See the sources for details.\par
}